
h1. Introduction

A reusable "Django":http://djangoproject.com application for managing quotes and testimonials.

I"ve created this both for my old blog "howiworkdaily.com":http://howiworkdaily.com and for my company site "montylounge.com":http://montylounge.com so why not make it reusable?

It was also made reusable as a reference reusable app for a forthcoming PyMag article.


h2. Notes

Out of the box the application provides a list and detail view for <code>Quote</code> objects and a list view for <code>Testimonial</code> objects, as well as a template tag for for generating random display of <code>Quote</code> or <code>Testinmonial</code> objects.

The application also provides an example project to quickly demo its features.

h2. Project Dependencies

The reusable app only depends on <code>django-tagging</code>.

The example application depends on:

* Django
* Django-FlatBlocks
* Django-Tagging


h2. Quickstart
The below are the instructions for demo-ing the project.

# mkvirtualenv quoteme
# easy_install pip
# cd quoteme
# git clone git://github.com/montylounge/django-quoteme.git
# cd into django-quoteme/example
# pip install -r requirements
# ./manage.py syncdb
# ./manage.py runserver
# open browser -> http://127.0.0.1:8000

h3. Integrate into your app
# Add the _quoteme_ directory on your PYTHON
# Add _quoteme_ to the <code>INSTALLED_APPS</code> setting of your Django project.
# Add this line to your site's root URLConf

  <code>(r'^quotes/', include('quoteme.urls')),</code>

# execute syncdb to add initial_data

